# Awesome LLM Functions

<!-- <p align="center"><small><b>English | <a href="README-zh.md">中文</a></b></small></p> -->

## Objective

The function calling mechanism of LLMs from OpenAI and Anthropic is crucial for building AI Agents, but the development and debugging of functions are quite cumbersome. Tools and resources for function implementing are also very rare on Internet.

This project aims to create a "plug and play" shared function set and provide some resources and technical frameworks related to function development, allowing developers to easily integrate external functions with the LLM's API to achieve the desired functions.

## Function List

Click on the titles of functions for details, and copy the function definition to easily invoke function calls by [ConsoleX.ai](https://consolex.ai).

* **[Weather inquiry](info/get_current_weather.md)** - Get the current weather in a given location by latitude and longitude
* **[Exchange rate inquiry](info/get_exchange_rate.md)** - Convert currency from one type to another and get the exchange rate
* **[Get top Hackers News](info/get_top_hackers_news.md)** - Fetch the top 5 news articles from Hackers News
* **[MidJourney prompts generator](info/midjourney_prompt_generator.md)** - Generate Photorealistic prompts for Midjourney
* **[Youtube video summary generator](info/get_video_summary_transcribe.md)** - Summarize video highlights from YouTube video URLs.
* **[Read PDF URL link](info/read_url.md)** - Read the contents of an PDF URL link
* **[Find language teachers](info/find_teachers.md)** - Elevate your language learning at any level with personalized 1-on-1 online lessons from tutors across the world.
* **[Get coordinates of any places](info/get_coordinates.md)** - Obtain latitude and longitude based on the address and generate map link.
* **[Create a bedtime story](info/create_story.md)** - Create bedtime stories that instill a love for reading, spark creativity, and build important life skills.

The list of the functions will be updated continuously, and some of the functions are generated by [PlugNFunc](https://consolex.ai/plugins).

## Function Development
* **[OpenAI function boilerplate](https://github.com/quentinzhang/OpenAI-function-boilerplate)**
  Develop your first OpenAI function with Node.js and Vercel

## Community Discussion
If you feel interested in or want to contribute to this project, feel free to [join our Discord server](https://discord.gg/z9KtFM62F2) for discussions.
